Boy, I'm so impressed how far you've come,
and I hope you're impressed too because you learn a lot of stuff here.
Perception, sensor fusion, localization,
path planning, control, all these wonderful building blocks that make a self-driving car.
So, for this final units,
it's now time for the truth.
The building blocks are one thing but we have to put them together into one system.
So, this is the time and we take all these building blocks and turn them into
one big system and actually control a self-driving car end-to-end.
This is actually how I spent most of my life building self-driving cars tucked away in
a small Volkswagen Touareg in front of a computer keyboard putting
building blocks together and then realizing
the car was drived on a ditch and you made a mistake.
That is my life for many many years,
is life for every self-driving car engineer and is possibly the hardest thing to
do but it's also the most fulfilling because in
the end of the day it's not about understanding building blocks,
it's about building self-driving cars.
So, please dive in.